Name

	setprinter - configure and load default printers for users
	
Synopsis
	setprinter [-hvgcli]
	
Description

This Program was designed to make loading a default printer on a per user basis easier then using the registry hacks described by Microsoft
in Knowledge Base article 196732 (link:  http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;196732).  The command line options are straight
forward has they don't require any arguments.


Options

	-h:  Displays Help
	
	-v:  Displays Version
	
	-g:  Generate key files (this program basically makes key file obsolete, but they were used to implement the solution outlined in the Microsoft
		 knowledge base article above)
		 
	-c:  Configure default printers for users
	
	-l:  Load the configured default printer for the logged in user
	
	-i:  Generate an empty ini file (called setprinter.bak, if your setprinter.ini gets corrupted just copy the contents to this file under the first line
		 and rename it to setprinter.ini)
		 
How To Use

First run setprinter -c to configure your users.  Then you can add setprinter -l into your logon scripts to load the default printer
on logon.  Remember setprinter looks for the ini in the current directory, you might find it easier to put everything into a set place
and then cd to it in the script.
		 
 
		 
Version History

V1.0 Build 030312:
		
		Fixes:
		
		Doesn't blow things up when default printer is deleted or removed.  As a matter of fact it outputs a nice
		netsend message explaining what's wrong.  If nothing is setup in setprinter.ini it now just does nothing.


V1.0 : Tested on TSE and it seems to work! Feel confident enough to give it a V1.0.

		Fixes:
		
		Corrected Ne number bug where it always picked the last Ne number in the registry.



		
V.002:  Upgrades!
		Fixes and Additions:
		
		-i functions now, creates setprinter.bak to be copied to setprinter.ini ( so if the settings are still in setprinter.ini they can be recovered)
		loads spooler settings from registry instead of from config file...no more KeyFile/Value mismatches
		added routines so you can configure a number of users in one run instead of having to run the program again and again
		added global default printer option
		
		TODO:
		
		Would like a better "reconfigure" technique, shouldn't have to edit the ini file by hand EVER if you don't want to.
		
V.001:	Initial Internal Release
		
		TODO:
		
		-i does not function yet
		Need to have the load function pull the port from the HKCU registry rather then the file so we don't get wandering NE numbers
		
		
		
Author:

	Michael Letterle <letterle@prokrams.com>
